Handle "container" option of clipboardJS (#206)
jkusa/ember-cli-clipboard: README.md

- `clipboardText` - string value or action that returns a string to be copied
- `clipboardTarget` - selector string of element from which to copy text
- `clipboardAction` - string value of operation: `copy` or `cut` (default is copy)

> - `container` - selector string of element, or element, containing the component. If you want to use the component inside a modal, this property is mandatory and should referred to the modal element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `container` - selector string or element object of containing element. "For use in Bootstrap Modals or with any other library that changes the focus you'll want to set the focused element as the container value".
```
